Update ActiveJob docs to show how to halt the callback chain (#53541)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_job_basics.md

* How to enqueue jobs.
* How to run jobs in the background.
* How to send emails from your application asynchronously.

> * How to halt a job's lifecycle callback execution.

Reviewer: We don't mention callbacks at all, so why should we mention halting them?)
If we are going to add this, it probably should be more generic:
```suggestion
* How to use callbacks in a job's lifecycle.
```
But I'm inclined to suggest just removing it, as it's not a big part of jobs and there are a lot more concept we don't mention here either  🤷‍♂️

end
```

A callback that `throws :abort` will [halt the callback chain](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Callbacks.html)

> and skip the execution of any subsquent before, around and after callbacks:

Reviewer 2: How will this affect instrumentation? 

I suspect with a `throw` in a `before_perform`, `enqueue` events will still send but no `discard` or other signal that the job never ran - would that be better handled by raising a custom exception instead, then using `discard_on` it?

```ruby
class GuestsCleanupJob < ApplicationJob
  queue_as :default

  before_enqueue do
    throw :abort if ENV.fetch("DISABLE_GUESTS_CLEANUP_JOB", false)
  end

  def perform
    # Do something later
  end
end
```

> 

Reviewer: The opening paragraph of the "Callbacks" section mentions "macro-style class method" (line 371), and line 409 expands on this some more. Adding this section here somewhat breaks the flow.
So I think this section should be moved, probably after the "Available Callbacks" section where we first mention `before_enqueue`.
It should also probably get a header, something like`### Halting Callbacks`.

end
```

> As described in https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_callbacks.html#halting-execution,

Reviewer 3: I don’t think it’s appropriate to link to docs for Active Record. The underlying callback mechanism is [`ActiveSupport::Callbacks`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-define_callbacks).

Author: Sadly those docs don't succinctly describe the callback halting mechanism like the AR docs do. 

However, that's what this PR change should achieve so I'm happy to remove it.

Author: updated to add a link to https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Callbacks.html which outlines the halting mechanism and has a link to detailed implementation that you posted above. 
> By default callbacks are halted by throwing :abort. See [ClassMethods#define_callbacks](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-define_callbacks) for details.

Reviewer: > Sadly those docs don't succinctly describe the callback halting mechanism like the AR docs do.

I'll gladly accept a PR to improve that documentation a bit.
- The `Record` example can be move up a bit, after the second paragraph?
- Another code example could be added to demonstrate `throw :abort` after the third paragraph ("By default callbacks are halted by ..."
- The fourth paragraph: "Three kinds of callbacks are supported:" could probably use some better formatting. Maybe as a list?

> A callback that `throws :abort` will not execute any following callbacks. You can use this

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A callback that `throws :abort` will halt the callback chain, preventing following before and around callbacks from being called and the event from being triggered. You can use this
```

Author: I went with a less verbose version in f0dca63915a9ce1ecdf6f9207edbb63ee93a26b1

Appreciate the feedback @bensheldon 🙏🏼, super happy to iterate if you have more suggestions.
